Why are you two here?
You are here to make trouble
We don't have no
I see you
It's just that Ran Ran won a contract worth hundreds of billions
Don't give up
I just wanted to follow up and invite tenders to come to Pengci
Don't take the gentleman's death with your villain's heart
What's wrong with what the stars say?
This banquet was organized by Governor Long himself
To declare the ownership of the service contract
There are even more big names coming today
I just learned how to match this person's identity
What are you not trying to pester me?
It seems that my godmother was right
This poor man is a handful.
Relax, Aunt Yun is your biological mother after all
Can you speak with some respect?
Respect him too